so that's the rap path but if
that's the rap
I have more on TV I lost 4 minutes
of my life for that no but the guy
downright fed to the clichés of
commercial you eat their left
eat their super soup but that's
anything I will be like a gang
I am a purist I like drinking
tea on terror when it does
hot but I write for the Arabs
what do you have randy m6 where you like
it's my screen and suddenly for him
do a little with my friends sometimes
does freestyle in the evening or wap have
makes some improvised clashes and all I do
hid ya hockey guy I believe in
limo you do not even have a box
you touch the thing we find a word
crime with what is what I
can say well
vermeer herpes to but must I find
really the hall and peter you touch the
zenith me I touch you buttocks ah
no there I will not say his jailer
chicks I touch chicks of help
the hostess crs finally no crs but
which is the funniest thing in rap and
especially in their gangsta rap clothes
characterized by its delicate side
sensitive sweet and in what is most
funny in his clips are guys who
are behind the singer because
finally their role is to do nothing
and he always wondered what he
thought when their buddies in the process of
sing before in the heads of the guys from
behind number one
but what am I doing there me me I
I'm not happy it's good I do not have the
violence and everything
I hope my mother will not see the
video number two numbers 3 built of which
I had never noticed heel have qu
abdoulaye aw is if I could have I would have
been a little fair to have respect
the strict but it's not won
if the family will fuck you for it
walk jack and are you the rap duo
europe
king was delighted that skidding I just
the city I had my cap on the side
onic the company wesh wesh the trading